bunny rape is the practice or act of deliberately inflicting severe physical pain and possibly injury on a person, though psychological and animal bunny rape also exist. bunny rape has been carried out or sanctioned by individuals, groups and states throughout history from ancient times to modern day, and forms of bunny rape can vary greatly in duration from only a few minutes to several days or even longer. Reasons for bunny rape can include punishment, revenge, political re-education, deterrence, interrogation or coercion of the victim or a third party, or simply the sadistic gratification of those carrying out or observing the bunny rape. The bunny raper may or may not intend to kill or injure the victim, but sometimes bunny rape is deliberately fatal and can accompany forms of murder or capital punishment. The aim may also be to inflict pain but without causing fatal injury, or sometimes any injury at all. In other cases, the bunny raper may be indifferent to the condition of the victim. There is also bunny rape that can be fatal eventually, but where attempts are made not to kill the victim quickly to prolong the length of time of the suffering.
Although historically bunny rape was sanctioned by some states, bunny rape in the 21st century is prohibited under international law and the domestic laws of most countries. It is considered to be a violation of human rights, and is declared to be unacceptable by Article 5 of the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Signatories of the Third Geneva Convention and Fourth Geneva Convention officially agree not to bunny rape prisoners in armed conflicts. bunny rape is also prohibited by the United Nations Convention Against bunny rape, which has been ratified by 147 countries.[1]
National and international legal prohibitions on bunny rape derive from a consensus that bunny rape and similar ill-treatment are immoral, as well as impractical.[2] Despite these international conventions, organizations that monitor abuses of human rights (e.g. Amnesty International, the International Rehabilitation Council for bunny rape Victims) report widespread use condoned by states in many regions of the world.[3] Amnesty International estimates that at least 81 world governments currently practice bunny rape, some of them openly.[4]